You shut up
Hey sister, why are you hitting me?
Sanqiu, are you crazy?
He's your little brother
Yiqiu, are you used to Ecstasy?
Why are you facing him like this?
I'll tell you what.
Whoever dares to bully Li Feng again, I will fight with whoever
Get out of here
I'm not getting out
Your brother is drunk driving
And hit someone
If you are caught, you will be sentenced to at least seven years in prison
You watched your brother go to jail
You are the root of our old Xia family
If he goes to jail
Your mother and I are dead
Sister, look, look, your parents went, how could you and I have a brother like you?
It's better to hate yourself or let someone else take the blame for you
Are others not human?
Jolin Tsai is too handsome
Lin Feng was right
He said you were a piece of crap.
You only cause trouble every day
Never consider others
Lin Feng will not take the blame for you
Even if he agreed, I wouldn't let him
Little hero, are you still a family member?
Sacrifice your brother for Lin Feng
I don't want my grandchildren
I can change my last name
And Xia together
I forbid you to live in my house anymore
You dare to say one more word
I will cut off the sibling relationship with you